#Notes for 12 August 2016

##List of standard interview questions:
   * What does "being a man" mean to you?
   * How have your ideas on masculinity changed over time?   
   * Have you modeled your own sense of masculinity off of somebody else? Tell us about that person.
   * How have you been personally affected by societal expectations of masculinity/gender norms?
   * If you had a son, how would you help them become a man? What role would you want to play in that person's development of their own masculinity.

##Educational questions:
   * What does _negative_ masculinity look like?
   * How exactly does masculinity disadvantage both men _and_ women?
   * Why do we think certain manly things are manly...
      * Stoicism
      * Warriorism
      * Non-domesticity
      * Maturity
   * ... while other things aren't?
      * Homosexuality
      * Emotionality
      * Compassion
      * The rearing of children.
   * How does being a man differ around the world?
   * How has being a man differed through time?
   * How can masculinity change?
   * Is that manly or humanly?
   * Where can I go for help?
   * Who can I confide in?
   * Am I safe here?

##Videos:
   * Precise format
      * Hear interviewer speak?
      * See questions asked, or just answered?
      * Intro / outro
      * Single take / edited
      * Length

##Outreach
   * Who exactly is our target audience
   * How do we reach that target audience
   * How can we communicate to that audience
   * What outside resources can our platform provide
      * Suicide / trans hotlines
      * Role models?
